family Emily have you ever swam before
now and you just got in the water and
started doing it so show me let's see
you do it again
no get out there get out there I could
have sworn I saw you do something just a
minute ago this is May 17th swim to your
sister
you see swim / snake stay close to her
Anna stay close okay now hold her up
honey that's just fantastic I'm proud of
you
good job girls how do you feel Emily
baby that is fantastic
I am so proud of you just figured it out
Emily what do you think do you have
anything you want to say to the people
back home what was that
you don't know I bet your Nana and your
grandpa and grandma and papa
they'd really be proud to see this what
do you think I'm gonna email it to them
do you want to tell them anything from
the swimming pool can I say yo I'm
pretty good good job you sure do
and the use I carry carry with those
with those glasses on careful careful
let's not get ahead of ourselves huh why
don't you have a seat for a second maybe
just wipe off your face with the towel
humble pie no I just can't be sure
don't don't don't flick wad up the
camera babe I don't know we'll figure
something out oh cool
Gator tails that sounds good doesn't it
that's right you sure do that's cool you
certainly do well Emily I can't believe
that you just took off congratulations
baby this is a big day for you